in Gaza Hamas officials say at least 700
people have been killed in the last 24
hours it means according to those
officials that the total number killed
in this war is now more than
5,700 including more than
2,300 children our special correspondent
fergal Keen who's in Jerusalem has been
working with teams on the ground in Gaza
to file this report some of the footage
is hard to watch and a warning that it
is distressing from the very
beginning what war would take away they
race to
save the young life of yazan
alidi the adult hand on the child's
heart it could not save
him this boy did survive the air strikes
doctors at al- Nassar Hospital say
killed 166 six people the little boy
asks if his family is
okay of the nearly 6,000 said by Gaza
Health authorities to have been killed
so far around 40% are reported to be
children Sharif alak came with his
wounded son to our camera he asked were
the children the enemies the ones who'd
kidnapped and killed
there are the other wounds what war
does to the spirit of a
child Salma is
[Music]
nine Dima alamani mourning her parents
and seven siblings
another daughter of the alamani
family and a
son where those who've known older Wars
watch their young inherit
desolation Israel says it's only
targeting the men who brought Terror to
its
people the UN leadership has condemned
Israeli bombing of Southern Gaza and
accused Hamas of using civilians as
human
Shields death can come from the air at
any
time this was Khan yunas in the south of
the Gaza Strip at halfast 12 today
filmed by a BBC
journalist the war has displaced 1.4
million in the tented camp of Kan yunus
cleanliness part of the struggle to
preserve
dignity at night it's cold and there
aren't enough blankets we are sleeping
on dirt the children are all sick where
are the rights of our children where are
our human
rights the fun and the friendship of
childhood they grasp what they can
knowing how brutally it can be
lost FAL Keen BBC News
Jerusalem the worsening humanitarian
situation in Gaza is evident and the UN
agency responsible for Palestinian
refugees says that because of Israeli
restrictions on Aid it will run out of
fuel tomorrow Israel disputes the lack
of fuel the BBC's Gaza reporter Rashi
Abu Alou reports now from a hospital in
car munice in southern Gaza on the
increasingly desperate struggle of
ordinary
people behind this door doctors are
fighting to save the life of n ABA she
was badly injured this morning while she
was pregnant in an air strike in the AL
neighborhood in doctors rescue the baby
by cerian quick cerian
operation her husband was was killed
alongside members of the same family but
the mother is inside fighting for her
life and for her baby the hospital here
in Naser are struggling to cope with the
number of people injured I have seen
people treated in the corridor of the
hospitals people are treated in the
courtyard of the hospital because today
was one of the deadliest attack done by
Israel by Israel so far this hospital is
among like the three four Hospital in
the South it's the area where Israel
asked 1.2 million people in the north to
flee but this is the biggest one and
it's it's been struggling without
without fuel to run the main generator
in the hospital and also they said they
have to councel all of
nonessential operation and they are only
treating people with life saving
injury uh correspondent Rashi Abu Alou
reporting that from Gaza well Jeremy is
with me um Jeremy as we heard earlier
the UN at pains to be evenhanded in
criticizing both sides Israel and Hamas
but that doesn't make the Israeli
government's life any easier I think it
makes them really really angry that
they're getting any criticism at all
they are absolutely infuriated and
totally reject any suggestion that there
could be any equivalence in what's going
on uh Israelis are always very aware
Israeli politicians generals leaders
that when they start a military
operation if you like two clock start
ticking the first clock is how long they
need to get to fulfill their military
objectives and in this case they're
talking about sometimes perhaps months
not weeks the other clock is how long it
takes before the United Nations and
their friends as well as their enemies
demand a cease fire and I think that
What's Happening Here is because so many
people are being killed that the worst
um the largest number of Israelis killed
in a single day in the history of their
state and since then more than 5,000
Palestinians killed in Gaza in just a
couple of weeks uh I think because of
that that diplomatic clock has gone into
hyperdrive and so people in the UN are
saying we've got to have a cease fire
there's got to be a way of getting
humanitarian Aid in safely and people
have to stop dying the Israelis on the
other hand are saying they have barely
started the ground operation hasn't
started yet now what normally happens
what is happening right now is that the
Americans cover them their diplomatic
backs and also Britain's helping the
French helping French president macron
was was here as well but I think this
pressure will continue to mount because
of those scenes coming out of Gaza and I
think the Israelis will not be put off
by that though they are aware that if
you like the legitimacy of their
operation will ultimately be affected by
the numbers of people being killed but
don't forget all the estimates are that
if the Israeli army goes in on the
ground to Gaza and the Prime Minister Mr
Netanyahu was saying again today to
soldiers that
the next phase is coming and you will be
the
spearhead if that happens there will be
many more pal Palestinian casualties so
I think there there going to be a lot
more anger at the United Nations and
other places and I think the Americans
are going to be protecting them vetoing
resolutions they've already vetoed one
that they see as uh as detrimental to
Israel's interest but it's interesting
that right from the outset President Joe
Biden has been saying yes Israel has the
right to defend itself but it has to do
it within the framework of international
humanitarian law and tonight no less a
person the UN Secretary General is
saying that that is being violated